What is it, Master Wan, Miss Xia?
What does that mean?
This is really blinding you.
This is the young master of Wanjia
Do you want me to make it clearer?
Miss Xia, are you mistaken?
How could he be the young master of the Wan family?
I saw it with my own eyes
You are suspecting me
Nothing but evil for me
You are a member of the Wanjia and dare to disrespect the Wanjia
Can you afford to be held accountable?
Yes yes yes you said yes
Master Wan, let's sit and not talk
Hey, Mr. Nie, we really don't know
Accidentally offended a Miss Xia
Please forgive me.
Mr. Nie
How could I possibly know that he is the eldest young master?
You made trouble
Strange to say
I thought there must be something wrong with this kid
Master Wanjie
I have something urgent to tell you